docs: Add DCO requirement to CONTRIBUTING.md (#946)
ariel-os/ariel-os: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Developer Certificate of Origin

To make a good faith effort to ensure licensing criteria are met,
Ariel OS requires the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) process
to be followed.

The Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) is a lightweight way for contributors
to certify that they wrote or otherwise have the right to submit the code
they are contributing to the project.
Here is the full [text of the DCO], reformatted for readability:

>Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1
>
>By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:
>
> 1. The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
>    have the right to submit it under the open source license
>    indicated in the file; or
>
> 2. The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
>    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
>    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
>    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
>    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
>    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
>    in the file; or
>
> 3. The contribution was provided directly to me by some other

> >    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    person who certified (1), (2) or (3) and I have not modified
```
Since the original text uses a,b,c,d and in this text 1,2,3,4 is used, I expect this reference is to 1, 2 and 3.

Author: And also changed

>    it.
>
> 4. I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
>    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
>    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
>    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
>    this project or the open source license(s) involved.

If you can certify the above,
you just add a line at the bottom of your commit messages saying:

    Signed-off-by: Random J Developer <random@developer.example.org>

using a known identity. This will be done for you automatically
if you use `git commit -s`.
The email address used in your Sign-off

> must match the email used for commit author

Author: Fixed

To permanently add the 'Sign-off' to your commits contributed to Ariel OS,
it is easiest to use a commit template.

> Create a simple text file, e.g. `.git/commitmessage` with the following content

Author: Added

    Signed-off-by: Random J Developer <random@developer.example.org>

and enable it in your git config:

   git config --local commit.template .git/commitmessage

### Altering existing commits

> When altering an existing commit from a different contributor(s),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When altering an existing commit from (a) different contributor(s),
```

Author: Changed
